Hello everyone and welcome to yet another Hit Save podcast.
I'm here with Rick Nickel of Good Boy Galaxy and you just saw the Good Boy Galaxy trailer
that just came out like two weeks ago here.
The latest one.
It's really, really fun.
Really fun game, first of all.
Super cool trailer.
And I love the music.
So hi Rick.
Hi Rick.
Do you want to introduce yourself?
Yeah.
Hi, I'm Rick from Good Boy Galaxy.
And yeah, I'm more on the creative side.
And with my friend Jeremy, we've been working on Good Boy Galaxy for the past couple of
years.
So tell me a bit about Good Boy Galaxy.
What is it?
So it's a exploration-based platform game.
I'm a bit hesitant to call it a Metroidvania because I don't think it really checks all
the boxes.
But it's kind of in the same vein a little bit.
And yeah, it's a platform adventure game for the Game Boy Advance.
So a new game for the Game Boy Advance being made in this year of 2023.
What made you think of this?
What made you go into making a Game Boy game in 2023?
Or even a few years earlier?
Yeah.
Well, we started it as a game jam project.
So it was just a small weekend project.
And I think it was for the Ludum Dare game jam.
And we just wondered, could we do it in such a short time frame?
And we just about, to the very last hour, which is game jam tradition, did manage to
pull off a playable game that had a couple of levels and an end that actually run on
the Game Boy Advance.
And of course, that made us overconfident.
So we thought, it's easy, we can do this.
And yeah, there was not much prior thought behind it.
But it just felt like a fun thing to do.
And it was a fun thing to do.
We really enjoyed doing it.
And the Game Boy Advance is just super special to us.
So it felt right.
And also with the kind of gratuitous, it was the 20th anniversary of the Game Boy Advance
just recently.
So it kind of lined up with that as well.
So everything just kind of seemed in alignment at the time.
But there wasn't really a special reason.
It was just kind of, we thought it was fun.
We thought it was interesting.
And we didn't run into any very difficult obstacles that made us give up.
So that's the reason, really.
Awesome.
So I want to show the picture here is of a GBA running your game.
And this is my favorite form factor of the GBA.
I know a lot of people will maybe disagree.
But I think this is just a fantastic, iconic, handheld console.
The amount of effort that you put into the game, as I was playing the beta release that
you sent over to us, thank you so much for providing that.
I was just amazed by the animations, the artwork.
It's so colorful.
It's really, really fun to play.
And as you said, exploratory, just exploring the different areas and going back and trying
new, different things, dying a lot.
It's just so much fun.
So how did you get into this?
What's your background in game development?
And how did you get to where you are right now developing this?
Because it's a very polished game.
Thank you very much.
So I guess earlier in my career, I was working in web development and a bit of print design.
But I was always doing kind of small freelance things or hobby things, mainly pixel art for
mobile games and stuff like that.
So that was my background.
And then a few years ago, six years ago, I moved to the Netherlands to work at a mobile
game studio called Lucky Cat.
And that's where I met Jeremy.
So we had a few years, a couple of years working together there, too.
And I think it's really when I developed my skill set a bit more because we were doing
like 40 something prototypes a year.
Like it's a crazy amount of projects.
So it was just like nonstop learning.
And yeah, that's how I got into it.
And that's where I met Jeremy.
He's also from England, but we both met in the Netherlands.
Just a short jump over the puddle.
Yeah, very short.
They're surprisingly similar countries.
But yeah, we did a couple of game jams in the weekends.
And yeah, this was one of them.
You said you did about 40 projects a year plus game jams during the weekend.
Yeah.
That sounds like a lot of innovation, a lot of trying new things.
Yeah, it is kind of, it's like a, it's something that you practice and kind of get good at.
But I'm hesitant to call it its own skill because actually the skill is just,
it's kind of like just accepting the idea that comes to you and just doing it and not interrogating it too much.
And then you discover things along the way.
But yeah, that's definitely had a relatively big part in this project coming about.
What were some of the other game jam projects that you tried out but didn't feel like it had legs to stand on its own, such as Good Boy Galaxy?
The one other game jam that I did with Jeremy was, it was called Super Bike Strike.
Super Bike Strike?
Yeah, it was kind of like a side-scrolling shoot-em-up.
But the interesting thing was you'd jump from your ship, which is actually a hover bike,
and then you'd land on the other person's bike and like punch them off.
And then their bike would like fall down and smash into other bikes.
So you could have quite a chain reaction.
And there was like a bit of a double jump to save you from just immediately falling down.
It's that little bit of gameplay, the bit where you jump and attack,
is super satisfying when you actually land on the bike, that you intend to.
But we did run into some trouble.
It's actually a little bit more difficult than you want it to be.
And one of the caveats to the difficulty is the game is actually more difficult
the fewer enemies are around, which is actually inverse what you expect.
But it also ramps up the challenge in other ways that way, because you've got more people shooting at you.
So it's very difficult to get the balance right.
And to get the game feel to good, it had to be quite fast and quite zoomed in.
But that also made it more difficult to land where you want.
And I think the idea's got legs, but I think it'd have to be done maybe in 3D or something
to make it a bit more user-friendly, I guess.
But yeah, that's the previous game jam that we did before Good Boy.
That sounds really cool too. I would love to try that out.
I'll send you a link afterwards.
Fantastic.
So Good Boy Galaxy was thought up as a game jam project during a weekend.
How did you go about after the game jam?
What was your thought process like?
Like, okay, maybe we should do something here.
How did you go about actually doing something?
You ran a Kickstarter. I definitely want to dive into that as well.
Yeah, so we didn't really think about the Kickstarter for quite a long time.
We were just working on it a weekend a month or something, just here and there.
And then I think it's when COVID hit, everyone was working from home
and suddenly had their commute time.
And there was less to do.
So we got more done.
And that's when we were getting the demo that ended up launching the Kickstarter.
So yeah, we got the demo ready.
And then we just decided to make it a full...
At that point, it was quite obvious that it was worth pursuing.
But when it was just the game jam version, it was just a little side hobby.
It wasn't that interesting.
But at the point when the demo was taking shape
is when we decided to take it to Kickstarter.
So what was your experience with Kickstarter?
We'd partnered with First Press to publish the physical copies
before we did the Kickstarter.
And they'd done a few other Kickstarters before.
So we kind of knew a little bit what to expect.
So yeah, basically, the deal was we had a limited amount that we could sell.
And then basically, we didn't really have to pay for it.
It was kind of like an advance.
So that's why it's limited.
So that it's safe for all parties.
But of course, we blew through the whole thing in the first day,
which nobody really expected.
And then people were angry about it.
And we were kind of unprepared for it.
So it's a bit stressful, to be honest.
And of course, we're both still working.
We kind of wanted, or we kind of expected,
it to be a bit of a continuation of a side Hollywood project.
But when you have a Kickstarter that successful,
you're kind of responsible to fulfil your biggest promises.
So it was kind of a mix, mixed emotions.
I was also finding it difficult to sleep with all that going on.
So it's like heightening the emotions of the excitement and the stress.
But I mean, it was definitely a very overall positive experience.
And it was definitely super grateful for everyone that's backed the project
and given us this opportunity to make the game exactly as we really want to.
And not just cutting corners and doing it here and there.
So yeah, hopefully they're happy with their decision
when they finally get to play the game.
Yeah, what I've seen so far from the game,
I definitely think that people are going to be very, very happy with the end result.
Again, I am amazed by the animation, the colour.
It pops, it really, really pops.
The music is really solid.
So what is your role within the game?
And what's Jeremy's role in the game?
Yeah, so I guess the trouble is we both do a bit of everything.
But from my side, it's mainly creative stuff, all the art and animation.
And a lot of the game design, I guess, comes from my side.
And then from Jeremy's side, he's like the technical guy.
He's set up the project, all the programming, his remit.
And making sure it compiles, fixing bugs,
tracking down the most esoteric thing that you can possibly imagine
in the Game Boy Advance's hardware.
But yeah, there's definitely some overlap.
I've also done a lot of coding myself,
like a lot of the fancy effects in the backgrounds
and all the quests and stuff.
A lot of that's me. Sometimes it has to be fixed.
And then music, we've both kind of done.
Also Vincent Perger, aka Tui, did a lot of the music in the game.
But yeah, me and Jeremy both like doing music too.
So we've both had a hand in that.
And then level design, we've also both done.
We have slightly different philosophies when it comes to level design.
So Jeremy makes the most clever and cruel Mario Maker levels
that you've ever played and that are very difficult,
but very clever mechanically.
And from my design background and from all the time working on mobile games,
I've very much got the mindset of simplification,
making everything move.
So it's interesting.
We've worked collaboratively on the levels
and we're both making passives over each other's work
until eventually we've got something that's...
We like to think of it as a bit of cake and eating it too,
because we've got the clever ideas,
but hopefully there's less frustration.
I don't want to sound the corners off completely,
but we've tried to make it so that there's no showstoppers
if you get completely stuck.
But yeah, that's where we're at.
You mentioned that there are some quirks
when it comes to programming for the GBA.
What are some challenges that you have met and overcome,
or at least tried to overcome?
It's a relatively advanced...
You'll forgive the pun.
It's got the feeling like it's a SNES or a Mega Drive or a Genesis,
but it's actually a lot more powerful.
So it's a lot freer than you'd imagine,
or you might imagine it would be,
but there's still some tight restrictions.
There's only a finite amount of layers.
There's only four layers, I think.
And we work in four bits per pixel, I think,
which is 15 colours per spline or per tile.
Yeah, there's a lot of clever tricks
to try and get the absolute most out of it.
Like with the layers,
sometimes we split them into sections
so that we can scroll one layer at different speeds,
depending on where it is,
to get the feeling of more depth
and constantly running a lot of...
So from the art side, I really want to make the levels feel unique
and have lots of areas within them
that feel not quite set piece,
but at least so you know where you are,
because you can go through the level in several different ways.
It's important to have landmarks,
but that's expensive when you can only have so many tiles in memory.
So we went through incredible lengths
of automatically figuring out
which tiles are similar enough to be collapsed into one tile.
We can keep them...
We can flip and mirrored versions of the tiles
don't count as an extra tile.
So we have lots of clever use of that.
That's smart.
Yeah, there's so many really...
quite arduous tasks that end up just shaving enough off
that you can do what you actually wanted to do in the first place,
which is super important on the low-end consoles.
But obviously when we do the switch port,
which we're just starting now,
it's probably all this stuff is no longer necessary.
But it was fun, little puzzles to figure out.
So I enjoyed it anyway.
That's awesome.
So we've gone quite deep into the technical weeds already.
So I want to bring us back up a bit
and talk about the game itself
and the story in the game, the characters.
So tell us a bit about who you are as a player
and what the mission is, the story is.
Okay. So the background of the game
or the overarching story is that you're this dog
named Maxwell.
He's not a dog from Earth.
He's a dog from the dog galaxy, obviously.
And his system or his planet is dying
or collapsing or in trouble.
So being the good boy that he is,
he takes it on himself to use his hyperdrive
to blast to a whole new system
with no idea if he's going to find anything
or find advanced civilization that could help him.
It's a big risk, basically.
So he goes ahead and does that.
And then he has to use every single jump
at his availability.
So now he's completely stranded in this new galaxy.
But he has found life, civilization and such.
But yeah, so it's his job now to figure out a way home
and also figure out if there's someone
that can actually help him in his original mission.
Yeah, the reason we did it like this is we wanted
to really emphasize exploration and discovery,
I guess is the right word.
So having Maxwell also be discovering this at the same time
as the player made the most sense to us.
One of our mantras when deciding and designing the worlds
and stuff was the word surprise.
So we really wanted there to be unexpected things
to find when you're exploring stuff.
And the best way we felt to go about that was
to make everything unexpected in the sense that it's all alien
to you, the player, and also to the character
that you're playing as.
The exploration, I mentioned earlier here that I died a lot.
But it doesn't feel punishing.
It's more like, yes, I know why I perished here.
Because I was doing something that I shouldn't.
So then I try again, and I die, and I try again, and I die.
And then eventually I figure out, oh, no, wait, this is the way I'm going about this.
I really like the quick return
to where you were so you can try it again.
It's a very forgiving gameplay, I would say,
even though it's hard at times.
It's very forgiving.
And it's super, super fun.
I love the interactions
between the good boy here, Maxwell,
and the characters that he meets.
Because it's super funny.
It's really well written.
I think it's on the second world.
I don't want to spoil the surprise, but you get locked in
a little for a bit.
And I was not prepared for that at all.
I was like, oh, wait, this is very different.
And you have to fight your way out.
It's really, really fun.
And I love that, as you said, the environment is alien.
So you're exploring as well as Maxwell
and just finding things out and learning about the environment.
It's super, super fun.
Thank you very much.
So you said you go off the theme of surprise.
So how do you plan for surprises?
It's a good question.
I think surprise is maybe too strong a word.
But it's what we told ourselves.
So we ask with it.
I like it.
I think, yeah, how we dealt with this
was mainly me and my friend Andreas.
And Andreas is a guy that I met in London
when I lived there.
And he's this super chill dude.
And he's super creative.
Kind of like Jake the dog from Adventure Time.
So basically we'd have these long chats.
And Andreas was working on concept art with me.
So we were kind of coming up with a lot of these ideas together.
I think if I was coming up with everything on my own,
I don't know.
I couldn't really surprise myself.
Or I couldn't really have that sense of wonder.
So when we were collaborating,
it was super important because I knew what was
what would grab my sense of wonder
or my attention.
And we'd figure out a way to combine our ideas
and workshop things.
So yeah, we basically just had
just conversations where we were talking about
broad ideas and then just
going away, sketching things out,
coming up with random...
Sometimes it would be a visual design
and then we'd come up with the lore behind it.
And sometimes it'd be we had a vague idea
of what kind of a character
and then one of us would go and draw it
and then we'd develop it a bit more.
But yeah, I think there was a bit of back and forth
between us that really...
That's basically how we planned for Surprise,
was by surprising each other.
I think that's a really good method.
It seems to have worked really well.
I definitely was surprised
by the piece that I'm playing,
the parts that I've been playing.
And yeah, it's just, again, super, super fun.
So how did you get into game development?
What was it that drove you to start
with game development all these years ago?
Yes, I guess I was always kind of
interested in it.
I grew up with like an 8-bit Atari.
And yeah, I just...
I was always sketching ideas for games
and trying my best to program in BASIC.
And yeah, it's been something
that I've been doing for my whole life, basically.
So it's really hard to pinpoint a specific moment.
But I think a lot of those older games,
they're kind of...
They kind of have an alien, otherworldly feel to them
a little bit by accident,
because they often didn't...
It wasn't normal yet to have an artist involved in the game.
So it was abstract to the point of absurdity.
In some cases.
And yeah, it felt something separate to real life.
Whereas games now, obviously,
some of them are very realistic
and feel almost like a movie or a dream or something.
Whereas some of those older games
seemed to be almost like this whole separate thing to reality.
And I think that really...
It really affected my imagination, I guess,
because it just really made you want to fill in the details
and come up with your own other worlds.
So yeah, for me, it's almost like it's been there since day one.
I've just finally gone out on my own
and made something that's more my own
rather than working for hire on other people's projects.
And for Jeremy, I think it's similar.
He grew up with consoles
rather than quite the old-man computers that I had.
And yeah, he's been, like I said,
working on Mario Maker levels and this kind of thing.
So for him, I think it's...
Yeah, I think it's a similar thing.
It's something that we've kind of grown up with,
but just from slightly different perspectives.
Cool.
So, Good Boy Galaxy is coming out for the Game Boy Advance.
You also mentioned Nintendo Switch port.
What else will it be on?
There's an Evercade version that's also announced, I think.
I'm not 100% sure when that one's shipping.
I think it might be December.
So similar time to the Game Boy Advance version.
And then we've got the Switch version and the PC version,
which we're doing now.
We're trying to add a little extra to that.
So we're trying to add some local co-op missions.
So it's going to take a little bit longer,
but hopefully not too much longer.
The Switch one is a bit of a question mark.
I know there's a lot more checks and hoops to jump through.
But hopefully we can get the PC one out
either at the end of the year or sometime early next year.
We've also got the option on the PC to release it
without the extra stuff and then add it later,
which we can't really do that on the Switch
because we're doing physical copies.
And technically we can do that on the Switch,
but I think people really didn't like the idea
of having a cartridge that hasn't got all the content on.
And because it's a niche product,
we're going to have to abide
by people's best wishes on that kind of thing.
And it totally makes sense.
I think that's one of the really cool things about physical,
is that it's your item, it's your game.
So if we only ship it with some of it,
it kind of defeats the purpose of it.
So yeah, Switch one will take a little bit longer
for that reason, but hopefully it's worth the wait.
And then once we've done the port,
the PC one and the Switch one
will basically be the same code base.
So we can also think about other consoles.
Yeah, but we don't have any other specific plans.
I've got a good friend who is very good
at coding for the Dreamcast.
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah, so I'm tempted to see if we can twist his arm
to make us a Dreamcast port, or at least help us to do that.
But it's not on our immediate radar.
We've got too much to concentrate on at the moment.
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, you've got four different systems
that you're releasing for.
Luckily, the EverCode is actually just an emulator
of the Game Boy Advance version.
Oh, right, yes.
So it's not really a separate build.
I mean, it is, but it's also almost the same
as the Game Boy Advance one.
That's one really cool thing about making a Game Boy Advance game,
is they're compact, everything in one package,
and you can run it in lots of places.
There's lots of emulators that can run the game no problem.
Yeah, I say no problem, actually, at the moment.
One pretty big emulator doesn't like the game.
But we've fixed it several times, so we'll fix it again.
Have you looked into the FPGAs as well,
like the Mr. FPGAs and running things on the GBA cores there?
Is that something that you're also making sure that that works?
Or is that a later issue?
No, I've got the analog pocket,
and it's a very beautiful machine.
I actually find it quite nice to test on.
A lot of the time I can plug it in via USB and make a build,
and our game takes three minutes to compile
or six minutes to compile,
depending if you've cleaned up the project or not.
And I can just get it to build straight over the USB cable,
and then I can just play it immediately once it's finished.
It's super convenient to have a hardware that you can test on.
It's always worked flawlessly on the analog pocket.
I don't think we ever ran into any specific issues.
I think there was maybe one graphical effect
that lost one line of pixels on the analog pocket,
and that's the only difference that I noticed
on the entire thing between that and real hardware.
But that was fixed, too.
But yeah, there's another emulation called GPSP
because it started out as a PSP emulator,
and that one is super lightweight,
so it can run on lots of low-end hardware.
But to do that, I guess they've got some clever approximations
and stuff, which sometimes it doesn't agree
with some of our code, I guess.
But I've got it running perfectly fine on my PSP,
but at the moment, I think there's some routine
to do with the save.
I think it's the save select screen.
It just doesn't like it, so we'll have to fix that this week.
But yeah, we've fixed the GPSP build
because it's important that emulators
can play the game well,
but we've fixed it several times during development,
so we'll just make sure we fix it before we send
our final build out on Monday.
Yeah, looking at the homebrew community,
and especially the Game Boy and Game Boy Advance community,
there are a lot of different emulators
with various compatibility.
So do you try to test them yourself,
or do you have a group of people
that are testing for you and helping you out?
Yeah, so we try to keep abreast
of all the various emulators that we can.
That's why I've got a PSP and an analog pocket
and various bits.
The Nano, the tiny little GBA emulator.
So I've been testing in various places,
but we've also got a very incredible group
of beta testers who have been testing it
on all sorts of things that I didn't even know
you could test it on.
And yeah, they found a lot of great things.
And unbelievable amount of issues
and strange edge cases.
But yeah, it's super, super useful
to have a bigger group of people testing it
because they can just find stuff
you wouldn't even think to look for.
Yeah.
So looking at Good Boy Galaxy,
you have a release date now for December,
and then you've got the PC ports
and Switch ports and everything as well.
What are your plans for going forward
after the release?
Do you have any plans to do a sequel
or is there something that you couldn't keep in the game
that you would like to do something with?
Yeah.
Well, to be honest,
we managed to keep almost all of our ideas in the game.
That's awesome.
We had some just random ideas
in the kitchen when we were working together
of like, oh, what if he opens a burger shop
to generate funds or something?
And yeah, all this stuff,
all the stuff that you'd think would get chopped away,
we managed to get it all in.
So on that sense, besides one planet that we did cut out,
we got really everything we wanted in the game.
But that's not to say that I wouldn't want to do it again
and make a whole new galaxy to explore.
I'd love to do that.
But at the moment, I'm just really dying
to work on something new.
So in between, we'll definitely work on a new project.
We've got a few of my old projects
that before I learned the skill of finishing anything.
So I've got a few of those I'd like to resurrect
in the meantime that should be faster to make
because A, we've got all the tech that we made for Good Boy
and B, we've got a head start on some of the assets
because I made this stuff years ago.
And yeah, so we can make something faster than
in two years' time this time.
And then while working on that, we can start coming up
with the bigger ideas or developing the bigger ideas
that we have to work on other projects.
And then maybe we'll come back around to Good Boy Galaxy
and make a sequel.
I think that sounds like a great idea.
Work on something else in between.
See how that goes as well.
Yeah.
A little palate cleanser.
Yeah, exactly.
I think back when we were doing 40-odd prototypes in a year
and then doing one game in two years,
I think there's a happy medium where we can have a few projects
on the go, but they're smaller.
And we've got some amount of work that's already
been undertaken.
So it's not quite the arduous task of Good Boy Galaxy.
Yeah, so I think that's what we're thinking at the moment.
You mentioned actually finishing projects.
It's very common to not finish projects.
I'm an expert at not finishing projects myself.
So being locked in a physical medium where you have a release
and you want to release and you have to do that well
in advance, do you feel that that helped you finishing
the game?
Or did it make it harder?
Yeah, I mean, to some degree, it's like, well,
the deadline is now you have to deliver.
There's a deliverable.
You have to.
You can't not do that.
You can't be in breach of contract.
And although technically the Kickstarter is you're
not obligated, you're not guaranteed the reward,
you don't want to upset such a large amount of people.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah, exactly.
So there's definitely obligations that need to be met,
which can feel like a burden, but also definitely
is a motivator.
But yeah, I think it's just, yeah,
like I said, it's not really a skill in itself.
It's just a mindset to not spend all your time coming
up with changing mind, making differing decisions
and just always keep some momentum going.
And then I think even the relatively big projects
are achievable, whether it's timely or not.
We underestimated the amount of time it would take
by 100%.
It took us twice as long as we thought.
And somehow amongst our peers, that's not even bad.
That's okay.
That's actually pretty good.
So yeah, just mindfuck should always be just keep
some momentum, and then it'll get you there.
I think a lot of developers say you should make small games,
lots of small games, which is kind of what we did
when we were working on prototypes,
so many prototypes to kind of exercise that muscle
of momentum.
But I think what a lot of developers don't really
talk about is it's kind of boring to work on small,
uninteresting projects when there's the great,
big magnum opus that everyone wants to work on.
So I think really loving what you're doing is also
a big motivator.
So yeah, it's not as easy as it sounds when people say
just work on 1,000 small projects.
It's not the only part of the equation.
Yeah, you definitely need to have the passion for it,
because otherwise it's not going to get done.
So looking at you, the studio, the game,
as part of the indie gaming community,
what are you excited about for the future of indie gaming?
We see here a big revival, I think,
of retro style and also retro games.
But retro style has been in vogue for a good number
of years now.
And I love it.
I'm a big, big fan of the retro style games.
Do you think we'll see more of that,
or will we move into a different type of genre?
Yeah, I mean, I'm not really...
I'm not sure that I'm the right person to really say.
I'm not like...
I'm not really abreast of all the trends on the consumer side.
What I really enjoy is just watching what people are making
and just taking it at face value and just enjoying it
for what it is.
So it's hard for me to forecast what the industry
or the community is going to be doing next.
But I think as long as people are making interesting stuff
that they personally find interesting,
I think that's always going to be where the gems come from.
And I think if any particular style,
like PlayStation 1 or games or something,
which you sometimes...
they seem to appear in small groups,
I don't think...
Although obviously people are inspired by each other's projects,
I don't think anyone's thinking,
I want to make a PlayStation 1 horror game just because I've seen...
Just because they've proved that there's a market there.
I think to make anything in this kind of hobby space,
you have to really deep down want to make it.
So I think...
I don't know how applicable it is to kind of chase trends like it.
Yeah, I just think they're so personal,
which is what I love about the indie game space.
Yeah, that's my opinion on it.
I don't know if that's in spirit of the question.
No, I think that's good.
I think we see a lot of passion projects.
And you can definitely tell when you're playing a game,
you can tell that the person who made this game
is proud of the game and had fun creating the game.
Yeah, yeah.
I think there's a lot to be unexcited about at the moment in indie gaming,
like with Twitter deteriorating and Unity imploding.
But in spirit of the question,
in its kind of optimistic view,
I think it maybe means there's a bit of a rebirth on the horizon,
like there'll be a new place for community and marketing,
and there'll be a new home for the Unity exiles.
I really love Blender,
so I'm really hoping that Godot becomes like the blender
of game development software.
I think, although it's not that much fun for a lot of people at the moment,
maybe there's a bright future.
And then, yeah, I mean, in terms of, yeah, like I say,
what I'm really excited about is just people's personal projects.
Like I love just scrolling through Twitter or Blue Sky or X, whatever,
and just watching what people are making,
and there's some really incredible stuff.
There's someone called Kosefi, I think, Chun-Fai.
They've been making a dungeon-faller game where you also play as a dog.
So that's, yeah, that's something that I like.
And it's just so, I think they're mainly a freelance artist,
but they're just in their spare time, been doing this for years.
It's so beautiful.
Like it's just every note is just absolutely perfect.
And every time that comes up on my Twitter feed,
I'm just like, it makes my day feel a little bit better.
And there's so many projects like that.
And I think, yeah, that's what I'm really excited about.
That's really cool.
Rick, this has been fantastic.
Thank you so much for talking to me today
and showcasing Good Boy Galaxy, diving into the game,
diving into you as a person.
This has been really, really fun.
Where can we find more information about Good Boy Galaxy,
about you, your projects?
So the best way to find the information is just go to our website,
which is goodboygalaxy.com.
And on that page, there's a link to our personal Twitters.
And yeah, that's where all the info is.
Fantastic.
Thank you so much, Rick.
Again, this has been fantastic.
And thank you, everyone who has listened in or watched us.
Have a fantastic week and see you all next time.
Bye.
Thank you very much.
♪♪♪
